I think it's very important people
understand the modern left they are a
new age version of the Communist Party
what they realized was you don't need to
go seize the means of production you
just need to control the minds of the
people in charge of production look at
Google look at Facebook every one of
these companies acts as an arm of the
state's ruling party we fundamentally
shifted from a system where customer is
King to one where the needs and desires
of the democratic party are king and
secondary to that are the needs and
desires of Black Rock State Street and
[Music]
Vanguard hello everybody I had the
opportunity today to talk to Robbie
Starbuck and uh I came across him on
X he's been mounting uh single-handed
War although he has a
team against woke capitalism and I'm not
a fan of woke capitalism I I can't
imagine anything more Preposterous than
woke capitalism because the woke
movement is essentially Marxist it's a
deadly enemy of anything vaguely
smacking of capitalism and so the notion
that giant corporations
are promoting a pathological form of
compassionate neomarxism is absolutely
preposterous in any case of all the
people that I've been watching over the
last couple of years Robbie Starbucks
seems to have mounted the most effective
sequential campaigns against the woke
capitalists now there's been other
contenders in that regard the Republican
treasurers Association I probably got
that name wrong has done a pretty good
job of uh of pushing back against the
ESG mongers like Black Rock but Robbie
Starbuck has gone after Tractor Supply
John Deere Harley-Davidson and a host of
other corporations who are named in the
in the uh in the interview and very
effectively and so I've been wondering
just who this guy is you know from my
perspective he just popped up on the
landscape that doesn't mean that I'm
informed enough to know what I should
know about where he came from and we
delve into that too but um the first
time he went after tra he went after
Tractor Supply and I thought well that's
real interesting and then John Deere and
I thought oh that's twice you know and
he's successful both times and then
Harley-Davidson which was really the the
the killer as far as I was concerned
because there's nothing more absurd that
you can possibly contemplate then woke
Harley-Davidson and so I wanted to know
who he was and what's he up to and
whether he can be trusted and what's
motivating him and um how he views this
in the long run and what his strategy is
in his approach and we covered all of
that and so um if you're very interested
in how to conduct yourself so that you
can be an agent of appropriate change
while taking the responsibility
necessary to do so you could do a lot
worse than to listen to Robbie Starbuck
for 90 minutes well thanks for agreeing
to talk to me today Robbie um I've been
following you for a while on X as have
an increasing number of people and you
sort of as far as I was concerned you
sort of popped out of nowhere and all of
a sudden you're causing major trouble to
corporations everywhere uh corporations
who richly deserve it and I got to say
Harley-Davidson tops the list in terms
of foolish corporate maneuvering
contrary to the interests of their
committed consumer base I think they did
something even more foolish than
Budweiser which is really quite a hard
contest to win so the first thing I'd
like to know and perhaps everybody
watching and listening is well who are
you and what have you been doing let's
lay out your your plan and your strategy
and how you developed that so just a
history of you and then what it is that
you've been up to yeah so this maybe
let's reverse that let's let's start
with what you've been up to and then do
a history of you okay so well the way
this all started you know we've had
sources giving us great stories for a
long time and so there's a measure of
trust that gets built up you know like
for instance one of those stories was my
wife and I we put out the story about
Vanderbilt's transgender pediatric
clinic early on and then Matt made it a
huge National story did a fantastic job
and together we were able to convince
the legislature here in Tennessee to ban
hormones and puberty blockers and these
surgeries for for Miners And so as a by
when was that when was that oh that
would have been last year at the very
beginning of the year maybe even at the
tail end of 2022 I'm terrible with dates
but it was you know it was fairly that's
about yeah okay and so you know as a
byproduct of that trust you build people
they start to think of you when they've
got a story themselves that they feel
like is newsworthy and so one of those
stories was someone came forward from
Tractor Supply and they had worked there
a very long time and they said you know
you would not believe the stuff
happening at this company I don't
recognize it anymore I love working here
this has been the best place you know
best decision that I had made at least I
thought until recent years and then they
laid out the evidence of kind of what
had been going on and to be really
candid with you Jordan I didn't really
believe some of the stuff they were
saying I had to send out a couple people
from my team and myself to verify some
of the things they had said but it all
checked out and so I had sort of this
Epiphany where I said this is Tractor
Supply and for those who are not
familiar maybe in a different part of
the world Tractor Supply is like the
most American American place you could
go to shop you know I mean this place is
filled with like American flags and it's
it's a farm store you know so I've got
cattle for instance Jordan and chickens
and so like we'd go there sometimes to
get some things we needed if there was
just like something we needed in a pinch
and my kids love that store so I realize
as a byproduct of this whistleblower
coming forward that I myself am helping
fund things that are directly opposed to
my values you know like this company was
funding Pride events in my own community
in my own state things that I don't
believe kids should be exposed to no
matter what the orientation of the
people involved is I think that it's
wrong to expose kids to sexually charged
material so you know if I'm if I'm not
okay with that I assume a lot of other
customers Tractor Supply are not okay
with it so I said you know what we're
going to go at this from a very
different vantage point I'm going to
look at sort of the history of boycotts
what has worked what has not worked and
I want to have something I believe is
something we can replicate because if
this is happening at Tractor Supply this
is happening in many other places so
from that Look Backwards I realized
number one all of this craziness really
has accelerated since George Floyd
that's where the vast majority of it
originated and so and and maybe not
originated but where it exploded I
should say and as a byproduct of that
the Overton window shifted wildly like
we've never seen in my lifetime at least
and so I realized for us to be able to
take that back to some semblance of
Sanity what we really have to do is make
sure we're focused on the right targets
at the right period of time and think
about this strategically and we need to
avoid the pitfalls of two of the biggest
responses PR departments think about
number one is let this blow over so
these stories can't blow over they can't
be 24-hour news cycles and number number
two is that we understand that the old
system was something where these big
companies could go to Major media
Outlets if they knew a bad story was
coming they could say Hey listen we're
going to up our ad spend kill the story
well we live in a new time now where
that's not possible and I know for a
fact I won't say who but at least two of
the companies that we've focused on
tried that they tried going to Major
media Outlets to kill the story and it
worked in that area but it wasn't enough
to kill the story in total because we
live in Dynamic where more people were
watching my video than were watching
those news networks reports you know On
Any Given night so you know some things
have fundamentally changed and we saw
pieces of that through what happened
with budlight and so we took the good
pieces left the bad pieces which was
that budlight was terribly unfocused in
terms of telling people what they needed
to do and budlight was also an anomaly
in the sense that they were lucky they
had such a large product category
because many people who were trying to
punish buite went out and bought a beer
that actually was owned by AB the same
parent company that owns Bud Light so in
many respects it was unsuccessful in
that regard but we said if we do this
the right way and we sort of act as you
know sort of a mouthpiece in general for
like how you do this effectively I think
we can make real change happen and so
when it worked with Tractor Supply we
felt like our model was correct and and
that essentially relies on Shifting the
window back to sanity by focusing on the
companies first that primarily depend on
the conservative consumer walking
through their door and then as time goes
on you kind of slowly shift to like the
50/50 what I call jump ball companies
where it kind of depends on everybody
and then you can look at the ones where
maybe conservative consumers are in the
minority which is few and far between
honestly but once you get there suddenly
you realize take an eagle eyee view of
the situation that these companies on
the far left that would still adhere to
these values they're going to be looked
at as the weird ones and so that's sort
of you know where we're hoping to get
with this project since I join forces
with the dailywire plus we've built a
comprehensive collection of Premium
content get the entire collection of
mastering life strengthen your
relationship with my series marriage in
the series on masculinity discover your
purpose en vision and Destiny develop a
vision for your own life you need to do
that my new series negotiation offers
practical steps to help you close a deal
where both sides walk away with a win
we're also offering a three-part series
on success how to strengthen your family
and to strengthen your relation
relationships and to aim up people are
struggling with depression and anxiety
you walk through all of that how do you
cope with it what's the best pathway
forward in addition we've explored
biblical writings and their cultural
influence our new 10-part series on the
gospels delineates the accounts of the
New Testament writings and finally join
me on a Journey Through Time foundations
of the West the work I'm doing with the
daily wire brings the spirit of
Adventure forward join us on dailywire
plus today
okay okay so I have a bunch of questions
that emerges from that let's walk
through in chronological order if you
would the companies that you've been
going after and just tell the story of
each company if you would and so you
said you started out in this broad space
not exactly going after corporations per
se but you were concentrating on the in
Tennessee was it in Tennessee
specifically well we've done it you know
we've looked at it in total we also made
the film The War on children which um at
this point is the most watched
documentary of the year I think Matt
will surpass us um at some point with
his new film and I'm happy for him to do
so because it's an incredible film but
um that focused on it from a broad
National level all the issues facing
kids which included gender ideology but
yeah in Tennessee as far as a news story
goes that was a big Focus for us a
couple years ago making sure that at
least here where we live that that was
something that would not be happening to
children okay okay and when did the war
on children come out it came out in
February of this year Feb 24 okay now so
before we go into the corporations um
why don't you let everybody know who you
are I mean like I said for me you burst
onto the landscape relatively suddenly
and so I just give give us a history of
of of your endeavors and and how you got
involved in this
Enterprise I I I think um you you know
it's interesting the way the world works
now because it definitely can feel like
that you know I think in any sense no
matter what somebody does it's like
people feel like oh they just kind of
popped up right um I've been around a
long time though you know I started out
actually as a director producer in
Hollywood so I directed Oscar winning
actors actresses some of the biggest
music stars people like Natalie Portman
you know Smashing Pumpkins uh Mega Death
all all across the board and so that's a
unique sort of unicorn like background
for somebody who comes out as openly
conservative um but in 2015 for sure
yeah in 2015 I saw a very dark picture
of what our country could become if we
did not make the right decisions and
that was something that I think was
largely informed by my family history so
my family originally is from Cuba and so
they lost everything to Communism and
that anti-communist you know sort of
Education I got as as a child about what
it steals from you made me first a
acious read because I realized that
information was the most dangerous thing
to authoritarians especially on the left
but authoritarians in general and so I
wanted to read everything I wanted to
know everything I could possibly know
and as a byproduct of that I became
increasingly conservative you know but
when you try to make it in Hollywood the
reality is you simply cannot be open
about it or you're going to be
blacklisted but in 2015 I decided you
know what I have to be open about it
I've got to talk about it because we're
at this Crossroads where if we go down
one of these roads America can become
Cuba and if we head down that road the
the future for my own kids is a dark one
and my great-grandfather he was like my
father figure he warned me so many times
as a young man if you ever see these
warning signs you need to speak up and
do whatever you can and so at that point
you know I had to drop the cowardice
because there's a lot of cowardice
involved in you know sort of the that
that operative mode of thinking where
you think okay I have to be quiet or I'm
going to lose X whatever that may be
because that really is how people lose
their countries they lose their
countries inch by inch through silence
and so I said you know what if this
burns down my career and everything I
built up so be it I believe in my
ability to go and figure out something
else and so I came out I endorsed Trump
in 2015 that's a crucial Point that's a
crucial point that you made there I two
crucial points you know the fact that
you lose a country slides into
totalitarianism an inch at a time and it
does that because people are unwilling
to give up something they have they
think they have and will remain silent
and then you might say well what's the
counterposition to that and the counter
position is that your Best Way Forward
is to say what you think and if you're a
credible and able person then that will
open up all sorts of new opportunities
to you it might mean that you lose some
of the things that you depended on but
the thing you have to think about in
that situation is that if you're in a
situation now that is already so rotten
that its maintenance requires your
silence you've already turned 3/4 into a
braining donkey if you want to use the
pinoo imagery or or a slave and maybe
you want to cling to your slavery but if
it means you're voiceless then you've
lost that all that security is aery it's
an illusion so you're giving up
something that you actually no longer
have now you but you also had enough
faith in yourself in yourself
specifically or or what in the pursuit
of the truth to motivate you to take the
risk of and and exactly what did you do
in Hollywood be I mean I I don't mean as
a career because you laid that out a bit
but how was it that you revealed your
true
proclivities yeah you know there's so
many really I think important poignant
things you just said I mean one of them
being that Hollywood and entertainment
in general and the mindset that sort of
permeates throughout it it is a prison
and it is sort of like a mental slavery
and I think that's one thing there's
just a
really I think broken perception about
because there's this belief I think
that's pervasive throughout society that
celebrities let's say have it all right
and that they're just they're able to
kind of have the world as their oyster
but the truth is in my experience having
been very close to a lot of these big
stars is that I've never met a more
depressed group of people who are more
broken internally who don't know who to
trust and who really have their life
kind of in shambles in the most personal
ways and so that was something I
recognized early on in my career and it
made me second guess my own desire to be
in that industry but at the same time I
was a young dad who was focused on I
need to make money I'm lucky to be here
I've got a great job that's you know
really paying me well I need to protect
that for my kids and that's something
that a lot of people convince themselves
you know sort of that that manufactured
consent of silence is borne through that
excuse in your head that oh well I need
the money to take care of my family
right but like you said the belief is so
important in yourself that you can exist
in some other way and anytime you're
trapped in a system that requires your
silence in order for you to be
renumerated that's probably a really
dark system you know it's not yeah right
exactly and there's these people who say
as well when you break out of that that
you're going to lose friends well that
itself is a really really you know kind
of poisoned well because the truth is
they're not your friends if they don't
know who you are and if they don't love
and appreciate you for who you truly are
so it's actually one of the most freeing
things is for people to speak up to a
group of people and realize oh these
people who I sort of had this illusion
were my friends they're not actually my
friends and so that's something I
encourage young people to do all the
time is be yourself be be true to
yourself and what you believe in because
if you're putting on a mask for somebody
else so that they will like you they
don't actually like you they don't care
about you they care about this
fictitious person you've made up because
you believe that's what's likable just
be you and so in that sense you know I
think your desires when it becomes you
know sort of on onto the subject of work
or politics or or what have you it's
sort of a similar thing you just have to
be honest and true and that's what I've
always believed you know that if I
follow what I know is right things are
going to work out you know and
that's the Hallmark of Faith well that's
the Hallmark of Faith it's a kind of
it's a kind of Courage first of all to
be willing to take the risks that go
along with the truth but it's also faith
in the proposition that the truth does
set you free that doesn't mean that it
won't come
with interesting twists and turns let's
say of the sort that you just described
you'll discover who your false friends
are well that's painful but it's useful
the other thing that happens too and I'm
sure this has happened to you um
although you haven't mentioned it yet is
that once you do say what you think you
may lose a certain number of people
around you although other relationships
will strengthen but there'll be all
sorts of other people that flock to you
in consequence who are I wouldn't say
precisely of like mind but also willing
to let's say risk the truth and so
whatever you lose on the Friendship side
you'll gain in terms of true allies and
that's actually a good deal now you have
to wait out the lag period you know and
there's some there's some unpleasantness
that might come along with that but
that's also partly why that faith is
necessary right I mean there's an
assumption that I've come to which is
twofold I would say the first is that
there's no difference between speaking
the truth and having the adventure of
your life those are the same thing and
the second thing is that whatever
happens to you if you speak the truth is
the best thing that could happen under
those circum ances regardless of how it
looks to you in the moment and you know
your momentary view isn't omniscient and
so the fact that you know imagine you
suffer for three weeks and then things
are really good for a year because of it
well those three weeks are still going
to be miserable and if you used your
judgment then you'd think oh God this is
a complete catastrophe but you don't
have that longer term View and I think
faith in the redeeming power of the
truth is equivalent to the longest
possible term View you so all right so
so you were in Hollywood working what
period of time was that and do you want
to just flesh out what you did a bit so
we have some sense of what it was that
you were involved in and and also what
you risked when you decided you were
going
to make what you actually thought clear
yeah so in 2015 uh that's when I came
out and endorsed Trump in the Republican
primary and I did so publicly and I had
a following already at the time because
I guess I was sort of a new crop of
direct directors where we had kind of
our own followings online and a large
reason I even broke into the industry
without any family connections or being
from a wealthy family or anything like
that was because I was lucky enough to
kind of like break into the industry at
a time where digital was starting to be
a problem for film and so I was able to
come into record labels and say hey we
can do the music videos you guys want at
half the price you guys are doing them
already because digital doesn't require
the expensive film and this is sort of
the the area that we're fantastic at and
is a by of that we were able to grow
quite a successful company and so I
think um at our strongest point we had
over a dozen directors across the world
Europe Canada us and in general we did a
lot of different music videos
commercials documentaries and then we
worked with big you know Motion Pictures
like uh Paramount Pictures we did a lot
of projects with so things that we would
do that that you know people would sort
of be familiar with is um you know any
of the big movies like from Paramount
basically like Transformers Terminator
anytime they had a music video you know
that would air with the film or you know
on MTV and stuff like that we would do a
lot of those um you know tons of music
videos in general that's sort of the the
side of the business everybody likes
because they're all popular you know
those get hundreds of millions or
billions of views and so people people
like that stuff but honestly the stuff
that makes money is the commercial stuff
and um you know so we did a lot of that
stuff as well and in general you know it
it's something that makes a decent
living and everything you know I'm not
going to lie it it's you know great in
that respect but if it requires your
silence it's not worth it and so that's
that's sort of where we made the
decision my wife and I that this was not
right for us and we were also at the
same time sort of having our faith
transformed in many different ways or
strengthened I should say and so you
know that that choice to LEAP
strengthened our faith because as
dangerous as it was to
do it required a level of trust in God I
had not handed over previously
and I had always been reluctant to hand
anybody that trust cuz I was a very
precocious kid I was all about like you
know some sense of of leadership and
control and anything I did so that
everything was perfect right and that
was the first time in my life I just
handed over control and said all right
I'm going to jump you know and we
literally we picked up our kids and we
moved across country to Tennessee and
that would be about six years ago and it
was not only best decision we've ever
made outside of getting married and
having kids but it was one that
it really set me up to have the courage
to be able to do the things we're doing
now because we trusted God and and you
know God was there for us every step of
the way in ways that you know I I'm
still figuring out where I'm constantly
surprised by just sort of the the
amazing nature of how things can happen
right and some of them happen in ways
where it just it it does feel miraculous
and um we didn't know anybody here we
just jumped we knew this was where we
were supposed to go and we did it and it
all worked out and and you know as far
as these projects I just became
increasingly vocal online about my
political views and you know we had a
number of different projects like our
film where we were trying to make as
much of a difference as we can but I
always go back to with this project what
what sort of became different inside of
me is that for a very long time I had
this belief um sort of a naive belief
that hey we've got this party of people
whose job it is to fight for us right so
like if we get the right people elected
they're going to fight they're going to
win and it's a very naive belief yes we
do need those people in office because
there are going to be change makers but
I think one of the great mistakes we've
made on the conservative side is
depending on these people to save us
they're not going to save us we we need
to take individual responsibility and I
think that's what's been missing and if
you look at the left and how they've
arrived at this moment where they have
total control of every cultural
institution in our country and could
argue globally they got there not
through the trust of their leaders but
because they have an incredibly active
activist base that is willing to do
whatever is necessary to win and our
side has kind of lacked in a lot of
effects when it comes to that because I
think it comes down to honestly just the
very simple truth that a lot of us tend
to be individualists and on the left
they're collectivists right and so
they're they're willing to sort of be
like bees where you know they'll all die
for for the queen bee right and they're
willing to kind of like carry out
whatever it is that's necessary for the
survival of their ideology for us we're
all kind of individual and I think one
of the things we have to do is be able
to match the energy that they have but
in very intelligent ways and that's kind
of what we've done to approach this
project is make sure that we're active
in every sense that you know we're we're
inspiring people to believe you can make
a difference one person can make a
difference every person on this chain of
events from the person who's the initial
whistleblower to us a company to the
very end where we're in conversations
with the executives every individual
involved is necessary to be able to
bring these wins that we've been
bringing where we bring a bunch of
Corporations back to
sanity are you tired of feeling sluggish
rund down or just not your best self
take control of your health and vitality
today with balance of nature with
balance of nature there's never been a
more convenient dietary supplement to
ensure you get a wide variety of fruits
and vegetables every day balance of
nature takes fruits and vegetables they
freeze dry them turn them into a powder
and then they put them into a capsule
the capsules are completely void of
additives fillers extracts synthetics
pesticides or added sugar the only thing
in balance of nature fruit and veggie
capsules are fruits and veggies right
now you can order with promo code Jordan
to get 35% off your first order plus get
a free bottle of fiber and spice
experience balance of nature for
yourself today go to balance ofn
nature.com and use promo code Jordan for
35% off your first order as a preferred
customer plus get a free bottle of fiber
and spice that's balance nature.com
promo code Jordan for 35% off your first
preferred order plus a free bottle of
fiber and
spice yep okay so a couple of things
that I wanted to go through with you
there so yeah so you said you came out
in 2015 in Hollywood sport Trump so that
was pretty daring and pretty early I
mean it seems to me that 2014 2015 is
about when things uh had got out of hand
enough to go sideways something shifted
at that point and part of that I I think
was probably the increasing dominance of
cell phone technology and the fact that
everybody's so interconnected and that
information was moving around so
insanely fast but something definitely
shifted I started to become aware of
things at the University of Toronto for
example that just hadn't been there
before my graduate students were
starting to talk to me about being
afraid to Broach certain topics in class
like that had never happened before I
was never nervous at Harvard or at the
University of Toronto to to review what
I had learned from the research
literature to my undergraduates and my
attitude was too that if any student was
perturbed by the content they were more
than welcome to leave and I made that
clear and I never had any trouble but
then all of a sudden you know my
students were starting to report to me
that they were nervous and then I
started to get nervous about talking
about gender differences which is a core
element of my field actually because I'm
a personality psychologist so and the
university started to move in a real Dei
direction Something Something shifted in
2014 okay so now we've established that
you had a genuine career that you were
up and coming that you were on The
Cutting Edge of the technological
revolution in Hollywood and so you had
something at stake you decided that you
were going to publicly support Trump and
you said at the same time that you were
undergoing something approximating a
re-evaluation of your faith and that you
had and your wife because you mentioned
her had decided to what in a sense throw
caution to the wind and so tell me a
little bit more about how you came out
in support of trump and why you did it
then how you discussed that with your
wife and how that was tangled up with
your progression let's say with regard
to your faith yeah you know my wife
is just the The Treasure of my life in
so many ways because she she's the
person who made me believe I could just
be me you know and I didn't need to I
didn't need to put anything else on and
that's kind of I think the mark of a
great woman and I think a great partner
in general in life is that they're going
to give you that courage to just be you
and you know as much as many of us just
want to have that innately sometimes we
don't and you need that that validation
in your life that like hey you be you we
will take whatever comes along with that
and so my wife she's as conservative as
I am I think maybe even on some things
she might even beat me and um you know
she she was a big believer from the very
beginning she grew up in the South that
uh California was a horrible place place
but increasingly during the Obama years
it got much worse and you could see the
writing on the wall I mean to to give
you an Insight visually because I'm a
very visual person the day we moved out
of California I will never forget this
we used to take our kids all the time to
Malibu Pier it was they have a breakfast
spot there and stuff and our kids just
always loved that spot and it was kind
of like our family's spot we went every
week pretty much and so we went there as
our last thing all together in
California
and we were in the sand and our kids are
playing and our youngest one who at the
time probably was around 2 years old she
says Dad what's that um said it in a
much cuter voice than that because she
she's still trying to pronounce things
correctly I looked down it's a
hypodermic needle and that to me was
like I still had that feeling am I doing
the right thing right am I crazy doing
this you know I looked down and I saw
that needle and it was like confirmation
from the heavens like you're not only
doing the right thing this is the
writing on the wall this is where this
place is going and it couldn't have been
I think any more eye opening as to what
the future was going to look like and
it's just like all encapsulated in that
little moment this little beautiful
precious innocent child what's that
Daddy and it's you know this symbol of
the Brokenness of the state you know in
California and really of leftism in
total and what what it produces because
it's anti- family it's anti-child and
it's really producing a future where
Hedonism Reigns and Hedonism has more
rights than goodness and I think that
that's something that was definitely
very motivating to me going forward that
this was a fight not just about
Republican vers Democrat right versus
left which can be kind of boring it was
really a fight of good versus evil and
that's something that became more
apparent in the Years afterward and I
think is the most apparent it's ever
been now I think you even have very
nonpol IAL people now waking up and
going this is sort of good verse evil
that's that's what it looks like and I
think that's going to become
increasingly the conversation because um
you know I've got friends who had been
atheists their whole life and I find it
fascinating I have never seen a wave of
atheists turning to God the way I have
in recent years and yeah yeah that's for
sure it really is fascinating and for
them you know because they're very
analytical very based in like sort of
like what can I see measure feel and
touch right and for them
the thing that turns them is not
historical evidence it's not things like
that the thing that has been turning
them is just simply visually watching
the world around them move and feeling
the evil that is coming forth in the
United States from the left primarily
and that has been moving and you put
your finger on that you put your finger
on that with regards to the war on
children I mean I haven't seen anything
worse in my entire
life and I've spent so personally you
know what I've seen firsthand but also
what I've investigated historically I
don't think I've ever seen anything
worse than the in relationship to
children like that rivals or exceeds
anything I only fortunately read about
in relationship say to owitz but it also
Rivals the worst of the Japanese
atrocities in China which were the worst
things that I'd ever come across
historically and
so that it's it's it's a level of of
pathology that I would have regarded as
inconceivable especially with regards to
both the medical and the psychological
Community like as far as I can tell what
the medical community is doing to
children and we know now it's about
8,000 young women as far as I can tell
that is literally a crime against
humanity that with
the
because minors cannot provide informed
consent to procedures like that anyone
with any sense understands that if if
informed consent means anything it means
that miners cannot consent to their
own and yet no one's being prosecuted
not not to the degree they should have
and we know that the scale of this is
much wider than this mere 8,000 girls
merely like it's a terrible number of
people we've we've turned the country
upside down for far less consequential
occurrences than that and so like I
can't characterize that as anything
other than evil and you know we should
you leave that term for when it's
actually useful and that does point to
something moving below the surface
that's more than merely political and
there is a transformation of belief in
the air there's no doubt about that and
and it is you know in large part for the
reasons that you're describing okay so
delve it bit more into the faith element
if you would and where did you move in
Tennessee so we're just outside of
Nashville we went full Farm we've got a
farm yeah we've got we've got cattle
we've got chickens you know like we we
went big we were like we're going to
change our life we're going to change
our life we're going to drink raw milk
we're going to have cows we're going to
do the whole thing um and you know I I
think um it's something interesting as
you were speaking you know I never gave
much Credence to the idea of parallel
universes you know it just seemed kind
of you know um complex but then again I
don't doubt God's ability to create
complex things right but the change
you're describing that happened around
those Obama years in the United stes at
times I almost wonder if we slipped into
a parallel universe because the things
that you were just describing are so
absurd 8,000 women you know many girls
having double mastectomies those are all
girls those are all girls all minor the
8,000 figure all of them 8,000 under 18
that that's not the full total of the
double momies that's just minors in the
8,000 children and you know I've
interviewed one of them Leila Jane who
at 13 had hers
[Applause]
the only answer I have is evil or a
parallel
universe yeah well it's not only see
it's even worse than that because it's
not only that these procedures which are
experimental and sadistic and and profit
oriented and ideologically addled and
cruel and productive and Rife with side
effects and uh but it's not only that
those are being conducted conducted on
mass lied about this is something that
never happens it's like no it's
happening and it's happening a lot I
know for example there's a black market
in puberty blockers so whatever the
figures are for children that are put on
puberty blockers which is part of the
pathway to surgical transformation the
true number of kids who are
experimenting with puberty blockers is
much greater than that yeah but so
it's happening it's happening at Large
Scale the people who are doing it are
lying about doing it and covering it up
and this is the Capper opposition to it
is essentially
criminalized and so that's like that's
the that's a perfect trifecta so you
know I'm in trouble in Canada for
example
[Applause]
because yeah they they're making a a lot
of money off this which is a whole Le
layer of sick but you know what this is
like it would be like if I went on my
social media channels and I started
doing heroin in front of people and I
started telling them how good it feels
and how great it is and some people pick
up heroin as a byproduct of it and they
kill themselves on it that's on me you
know that's that's principally on me it
doesn't matter how good it made me
feel it's still something that is going
to have the capacity to break and kill
people and that's what this ideology is
and when you're doing that especially to
children I mean there's something about
that is just incredibly demonic yeah
it's it's beyond it's every well you
know I talked to uh um who broke the W
path fall shellenberger shellenberger I
talked to him about this when he broke
the W path files and he had said he had
watched my conversation with Abigail shy
um when I came I was ill for a while and
when I came back and hit my podcast to
get hard the first podcast I did with
was with Abigail Trier who wrote
irreversible damage and uh I was very
nervous about doing the podcast because
at that point it was your reputation was
on the line if you objected to the
transgender surgery crowd and so we
walked through a book which is and I
looked into the surgical procedures
which are like they're brutal and and
experimental beyond belief and that's
what I wanted to point out is you know
sh ber talked to me about that cuz he
watched
that podcast and you know and shellberg
is a pretty brave journalist and his
basic response was something like this
is so awful there's it must be
exaggerated there's no way it can be
happening and it took him basically two
years to wrap his head around the fact
that no this was happening that major
the major medical establishment American
Medical Association American
Psychological Association were not only
on board with this but promoting and
persecuting people who objected to it
you know and
it's it's really
something it's really something that's
actually as you're as you also alluded
to it's really incomprehensible it's so
terrible it's no wonder people don't
believe it right it's it's no wonder
that people are turning a blind eye to
it because it's very but it also makes
me think you
know that must have been what was
happening in Nazi Germany when when
rumors of
the rumors of the persecution of the
Jews and their Demolition and all the
other people the Nazis went after
started to circulate and people weren't
nearly as connected then as they are now
they it was going to be much more easy
for them to turn the Blind Eye to things
they couldn't possibly believe were
happening well we're in that situation
now it's so sickening it just I just
can't
believe that it's happening and I can't
believe that it's happening while people
are
proclaiming that that's the moral
pathway it's like what the heck hell
okay so fine so
fine you saw something was happening in
2015 you had a good career in Hollywood
you decided that you're going to move to
Tennessee to Nashville which Nashville
two thumbs up for Nashville it's a great
place and uh you've done that and then
okay so let's get the timeline going
here and so you
started the was the activism the the
more conservative level public activism
did that initiate on your part with the
transgender issue and then move from
there well i' had been outspoken about
education and mandates and things like
that around covid but it's one of those
Central issues where actually I was
going to say this people should know you
and I didn't plan to talk about the
transgender issue honestly but it's it
it's actually important because I have
noticed this issue more than any other
issue
[Applause]
that issue has been what has activated
more people especially in spheres of
influence that have never involved
themselves for very practical business
oriented reasons into this sphere and to
say I am going to fight and put it all
on the line because this is a line that
means so many other things you know what
they've done to Children tells you
everything about what they're willing to
do in every other sense that's a truth
that me I'd say the most intelligent
people I know have all figured out this
line means a thousand other things and
they're all supremely evil and that's
why you're seeing so many prominent
people that you would have never
expected stand up speak up put their
money and their time into the fight like
Elon Musk you know I mean if you had
told me years ago Elon Musk is going to
come out and support your movie and and
promote it you know and it's going to
end up getting almost 60 million views
largely as a byproduct of him and Donald
Trump Junior promoted it um I would have
said you're crazy because I I'm very
practical and I and pragmatic and I
recognize as somebody who owns all these
incredible businesses even if he does
agree with me that's a very dangerous
position for him to take with the
government contracts and things like
that that he has to deal with so you
have to ask yourself why would somebody
like that be willing to risk everything
that they've achieved and it's very
simple this line marks an evil that will
beset not just our nation but the world
for the next generation and the
generation after it and you're going to
have to get to the darkest of places for
a small group of people to rise up and
do whatever is necessary to bring back
some semblance of sanity and Liberty I
don't want us to get there and that's
the thing that some people would say
like oh well you're a fascist you're a
radical or whatever it may be what I
think is actually fascist is what's
going on now where you've got these
people in these institutions who believe
it is fundamentally their right to shove
their ideology down everybody else's
throat that's what's happening in
Corporate America that's what's
happening in education happening all
over the place that's what I find
fundamentally to be wrong but it has a
cascading effect that will continue on
and will destroy the lives of our kids
and grandkids and so I think it's
important people recognize that about
that transgender issue when it comes to
kids it is something that means so many
other
things attention men who still believe
in the American dream in a world gone
mad the Precision five from Jeremy's
Razer stands as a beacon of Sanity five
Blades of superior engineering offer a
shave as unshakable as your faith that
the nation best days still lie ahead
experience an exceptionally smooth
remarkably close shave and a testament
to the fact that Merit still matters
stop giving your money to woke
corporations that hate you get Jeremy
risers Precision 5 instead available now
at Jeremy
rers.us a major K fuffle that really
hasn't died down around me since and the
videos were essentially objecting to the
government of Justin Trudeau deciding
that it was okay to put words in
people's mouths including mine with
regards to the transgender issue and I
felt two things at that point I thought
okay well you've jumped out of your
baileywick there buddy because you don't
get to there was never legislation in
any Western Country ever that compelled
speech among private citizens ever so
there were certain types of of
commercial speech that were regulated
but for commercial reasons and so then I
thought too well now we have this idea
that we can mess with the fundamental
category of sex um and make that a
social construction
and and I thought well that's the most
fundamental perceptual category I think
sex it's more fundamental than black and
white up and down night and day like
male and female if you don't get that
right you don't repres produce and so
that disappeared 650 million years ago
like the sex sexual differentiation is
hardwired at the most fundamental level
and what that means is that if
[Applause]
you I warned the Canadian Senate about
this in 2016 I said if you start to
confuse young people about sex you will
produce an epidemic among young women
like a contagious epidemic because I
knew the literature on contagious
psychological epidemics it goes back 300
years and it's always young women it's
likely because they hit puberty earlier
than young men and so have to contend
with the brute force of of biological
transformation when they're still
relatively immature comparatively
speaking and so for whatever reason
they're more susceptible to
psychological epidemics and so you know
you have you have two things going on
you enforce the lie that men can be
women you and so you prime people for
the lie and then you confuse the most
vulnerable people and tilt them into
like an irrecoverable pathology and then
it got even worse because I didn't think
at that time that we would have an
epidemic
of surgery like you know I have an
imagination for evil but I got to say it
didn't extend that far because it seems
absurd
well well it is it is it's it's it's the
it's the ultimate and evil clown y like
it's the worst thing that you can
imagine it's got this horrible element
of
satirical black the blackest of
satirical comedy you know and and you
can see that in the transgender movement
on the political
side you know in in all sorts of other
ways because the
[Applause]
and so it's got that dark Edge to it and
you know when that was a fringe thing
for
theaters
well it wasn't disrupting all of the
world but when it moves to the center
whenever The Fringe moves to the center
all hell breaks loose because The Fringe
is multiplicity and the center can't be
multiplicity obviously it's not a center
then it's chaos so okay so war on
children investigation into the
transgender phenomenon now that now you
start taking on the corporations and you
start with tractor supplies so walk us
through that story if you would and then
let's walk through the corporations one
by one and if you would detail out how
your strategy developed and your
influence
grew yeah so with Tractor Supply
essentially the way we approached it is
number one we had to make sure we didn't
play into the pr strategy of this will
blow over so what we did is we said okay
the first video is going to be like a
knockout where it's got to be really
strong but we can't put everything
because we need to be able to have
pieces of information every day just
dripping out that you include many of
the pieces that are still very impactful
so we hold back some of the stuff that
we would consider the best stuff as long
as we can make sure we have a a decent
portion of sort of explaining the
problem in that first video our first
video on a company tends to be somewhere
between seven and 10 minutes um any
longer than that people you know I think
if you're talking about the attention
span of millions of people who are
swiping on social media you start to
lose people you know so um we stick to
that that time span and then each day we
sort of drip out different pieces of
what we've found through our
investigations and our investigations
are a combination of what the
whistleblowers bring forward to us and
then secondary we do really great open-
source investigations on the companies
um you'd be shocked Jordan actually I
don't think you would be because of your
background in Psychology I think a lot
of people would be shocked by the types
of interviews that Executives at major
companies Grant where there's like five
views ever all time on the interview but
they do it because of their own
narcissism you know so and they're
filled with mistakes and so nobody's
ever really gone through all these
logged them cut them labeled them and
save them for the future we've been
doing that now for a couple of months on
a on a lot of compan compies okay
companies that we've never said a word
about we've already got every crazy
interview their Executives have ever
given and we've got them cut labeled and
ready to go when we move on to them the
other part of this is we recognize going
one by one is important because just
like you know any sort of hunt when
you've got animals all together as a
herd they're much stronger so if you try
to take on Corporate America by going
and attacking a group of them who are
all together as 100 corporations you're
going to get nowhere but if you focus in
on one and make them the target of the
IR of customers that they need in their
stores that's a that's a to totally
different Prospect because at the end of
the day these are public companies by
and large that we do this with because
private companies are a little bit
different in terms of their ability to
kind of wiggle and skate out of a lot of
this but with public companies the board
has a fiduciary duty to shareholders so
if the board is aware that conservative
consumers make up a cross-section of
their customer base that is anything
Beyond 20% it's malpractice for them to
allow a story like this to go and grow
legs for over a month and reach hundreds
of millions of people because each
company we focus on has generated
hundreds of millions of Impressions so
that's better than a lot of national ad
campaigns can do and it it's and that's
not counting by the way the the
mainstream media coverage of what we've
done I don't even know what those
numbers would be I mean I'm less and
less impressed by the stuff that they're
able to to pull in because it seems like
people like yourself or or me they're
dying they they really are they're dying
breed but in general you know for these
companies they're a suicidal breed
they're suicid that too but in general
you know we're crossing into this new
paradigm of how information works right
and so I think this is one of those
early stories where corporations are
having to learn some very hard lessons
but I will say a lot of them are
learning quickly because if you look at
sort of what we did in the timeline we
went from Tractor Supply took about 3
weeks to get a statement from them where
they changed all their policies I mean
they dropped every woke thing that we
had put out there then after that we
focused on John Deere for those who are
unfamiliar with John Deere big tractor
company I mean we're talking again about
a company that depends on probably 90%
conservative consumers right um and for
them it took about three weeks as well
to get them to flip then we got to
Harley Harley was one that I think was
psychologically very important to what
we have done going forward but you know
what's interesting Jordan is that
they're one of the smallest companies
that we have flipped but I would say
psychologically maybe the most important
one because their CEO their CEO was not
a typical CEO like many of the CEOs of
these companies that we have flipped
they're kind of agnostic about the whole
thing if not opponents of the wokeness
but they didn't know what the heck was
going on at their own companies and
there's this like pervasive ignorance
about how bad it's gotten and then
they're like oh gosh we didn't know that
yeah let's fix it but in the case of
Harley this CEO is a True Believer this
is a guy who founded the B team with
Richard Branson the B team's explicit
purpose is to force wokeness through
Corporate America by bringing in new
leaders who believe in the woke ideology
in general you know so they want to do
this on a global scale and they've been
quite successful at a number of
companies forcing these new leaders in
and bringing their ideologies with them
and so that was one where I said you
know what they may dig in their heels
but we need to do this right to where if
they do dig in their heels they're not
going to recover from it because we have
to make this just absolutely clear to
the consumer how far gone they are from
the values of their consumer base and I
think we did a good job of that again we
started with the long video explaining
the problem but we had such a large
amount of material you know like one of
the videos we held back initially was
the interview of their CEO describing
himself as the Taliban of sustainability
and so for people I thought it was very
important we break that video down
Taliban of sustainability what does that
actually mean to me what it means if you
describe yourself that way the Taliban
of anything it means you are willing to
do anything for what you believe in
there is no red line you won't cross you
are a terrorist for that cause that's
what it it means to me and
sustainability is just a buzzword to
describe wokeness in total right so I
hear when I hear Taliban of
sustainability I hear I am a terrorist
for this leftwing ideology I will do
anything to make sure that it comes to
fruition and if you look at sort of the
policies they had adopted well it's very
clear that seems like that was the
direction they were going and he even
had an explicit you know uh desire to to
reshape capitalism is the way they say
it marxists love to do that you know
reshape capitalism um you know you can
eliminate cronyism from capitalism but
that's not what they were describing
they weren't describing removing
cronyism they were describing a system
where essentially you know businesses
operate as a social benefit to society
that's not what capitalism was ever
meant to be that's not capitalism and
the way they describe it is just a
pathway to Pure Marxism um and it's
something actually I think is a very
important interesting point that I think
you will find interesting and and maybe
have some things to say on you know I
think coming from a family who had
communism steal everything I think it's
very important people understand the
modern left they are a new age version
of the Communist party and when I say
that there's some fundamentally
important differences but I think once
people hear them if they scoffed at the
beginning at me using the term communist
to describe what they're doing I think
they won't after they hear this you know
the fundamental difference here is that
they no longer believe in the need to
seize the means of production because
they realized something incredibly
important the power structure on the
left realized that optically it's going
to be really hard to sell the idea of
Communism to a populace who understands
that communism killed so many people in
such a brutal way right like that's not
going to be a popular cell to come out
and say hey we want to be Communists we
want to take over industry we want to
control your life that's not something
people generally are going to be really
amable to right not if you say it openly
what they realized was you don't need to
go seize the means of production you
just need to control the minds of the
people in charge of production and if
people doubt that that's the the path
we're on look no further than big Tech
look at Google look at Facebook every
one of these companies acts as an arm of
the state's ruling party that's that's
not capitalism that's not you know
business just just doing its thing
answering to the free market we
fundamentally shifted from a system
where customer is King to one where the
needs and desires of the Democratic
Party our King and secondary to that are
the needs and desires of Black Rock
State Street and Vanguard now we're
fundamentally Shifting the reality back
with what we're doing to say no actually
customers King because you know what if
you own John Deere you own tractor
supply you own Harley-Davidson guess
who's not walking in your door to buy
your products black Rock's not
vanguard's not State streets not the
Democratic party is not my people are
and so fundamentally shifting that
reality you know I think psychologically
a lot of them important things happened
from forcing Harley to change one of
those things was that people felt like
okay one maybe a fluke two possibly just
extremely lucky three companies in a row
it was like oh this is actually working
this is a trend this is something that
can be replicated and continue and we
are a force in the market where we're
shifting you know in the case of Tractor
Supply it was an almost three billion
loss in market cap during our campaign
with John Deere almost 10 billion Los in
market cap during our campaign 10
billion dollars you know and and as you
look at sort of what's happening in the
market one of the fears that a lot of
people tried to sell about you can't
leave wokeness it's going to lose you
money right every company that has come
out and rejected these policies as a
product of our campaigns has seen their
stock go up the day that they announced
that they were dropping these policies
every single one had their stock go up
the day they announced that's not an
accident the Market's not going to
punish you because retail is more
involved than ever in the market and
these bigger players like Vanguard State
Street and black rock they actually I
think don't know what to do with us they
don't know what to do now that there's
an activated consumer base on the right
who is willing to use their wallet as a
weapon because they fundamentally
understand that I'm right in terms of
the thesis that at the end of the day
you need us to walk in the doors if we
don't walk in the doors at these places
you're toast you can go and have
institutional investors try to prop you
up till the next quarter but when you
have to report earnings and people see
that you had a really sizable loss in
one stre strategic area of your business
or maybe the business in total you're
going to have big problems you're not
going to get your bonus there's
Financial consequences for the decisions
you've been making and so that's what
we're trying to make abundantly clear so
as a byproduct of that one of these
other positive things is psychologically
in the minds of Executives okay things
have changed now now these people are
somebody you need to be afraid of if
they come to your door they mean
business they have the ability to reach
hundreds of millions of eyeballs and you
don't want that you don't want to be the
story anymore so we fundamentally all
aled our approach a little bit now
instead of just going straight with the
story we started to reach out ahead of
time and say hey we've been
investigating here's what we found we're
planning a story and essentially you
know we want to make sure our story is
right if you have any corrections or you
want to let us know about any changes
you're considering is a byproduct of
reading our reporting let us know you
have until this date to give us a
comment correction or feedback as far as
changes go and we offer off the reccord
conversation between Robbie and your ex
if they want to talk through this issue
at all we're happy to do so um and I've
had those off the Record talks with a
lot of these companies and their
Executives and they've frankly been very
productive talks you know I'm very
pragmatic I mean to them I'm sure they
would love if I was like you know kind
of an idiot and I was like trying to
Strongarm them into this but I'm not the
truth is for us it's fundamentally
simple we're going to report one way or
the other it's just either going to be
about your past failures or you changing
things that's up to the companies though
you know we're not like these Shakedown
artists on the left we're not asking for
money we don't want money which a lot of
them I think find quite surprising like
I'm willing to fund whatever we need to
myself and then we've got great
subscribers on X who help fund our
research team growing because I'd say
the hardest part of what we do right now
is we've got over 5,000 whistleblowers
so it's important that people continue
doing that 5,000 yes 5,000 and we don't
want to discourage people from doing it
because we're scaling up our team to be
able to meet the needs of the number of
whistleblowers we're getting and they're
fantastic you know people are sending us
evidence probably right now as you and I
how many corporations how many
corporations are implicated in that
network of 5,000 we don't have a solid
number on that because there is
crossover between the 5,000 so you know
maybe 10 10 of them are at the same
company type thing we've I don't think
we've broken that down to see what that
that actually looks like but I mean
we're talking you know well into the
hundreds and hundreds if not over so
that's the that's the order of magnitude
any and so then we have metrics for you
know how how do we do this to make sure
we choose the right companies to be able
to move us in the direction we want to
go to sort of change the norm you know
because I'm a big believer everything I
do in life I always teach my kids this
any big decision you're going to make or
change you're trying to make always try
to go outside of yourself go into an
eagle eye view you know you're just kind
of looking at things from overhead in as
unbias of a way as you possibly can and
when I look at sort of the the the lay
of the land here as if this is a
battlefield I see very clearly you have
to make the right decisions or you're
you're going to get you know cut off at
the knees very easily and so for us it's
pick the right companies and those
metrics are fairly simple right now it's
like we look at who the customer base is
we look at the regions that they do well
in we look at you know um what do they
sell who are they selling to in general
because there's different subgroups
within the demographics of who their
customers are and then secondary to that
this is a big one and I think this is
more of a field than a science we do
look very deeply at the board and at the
executives and the psychology of who
they are as people so we look at the
psych ol these board members because I
think that gives us a really strong
window into you know sort of how we fix
things right because each one of them is
different some of them are True
Believers some of them are not and
they're just simply there at that moment
in time because after George Floyd they
gave license to these crazed lunatics in
the HR and PR departments to go and
apply all these policies that would mean
that that executive was not a racist
because that's really what they were
concerned about they didn't want to be
pitted as a racist because at the time
they felt like that would have been
fatal and now we're in a fundamentally
different time because four years-ish
later the whole companies had to
experience what this looks like right
and so what was sold to them as you know
this unifying diverse inclusive thing is
anything but everybody's experienced it
they'd rather you know have their
eyeballs poked out than do another Dei
training because frankly we all know
that it's mind-numbingly stupid and it's
beyond farce because it's it's simply
propaganda at this point I've done over
a hundred of these trainings these big
Dei trainings the major companies use
they are some of the most ludicrous
trash I've ever read in my life and
every single one of them has one thing
that I found in common they pretty much
all have resources okay at the end of
the training they've got this resources
section I have yet to find one resource
that is even center lane politically
every single resource that is
recommended is extremely far left and
the number one most recommended resource
in these Dei trainings will always be
kind of Darkly funny to me it's IAM
kend's how to be an anti-racist right
right I find really ironic since these
are major corporations telling their
employees you should read this book as
part of your Dei training and the book
says to be an anti-racist you must be an
anti- capitalist that is the thesis the
core thesis of the book and you've got
the largest companies in the Fortune 100
telling their employees yeah go read
this guy's book it's signing your own
death warrant ideologically which is the
most bizarre part of the whole thing but
the executives at the top are largely
ignorant to it you know you've got a
couple of True Believers but most of
them tell me in truth and I actually
believe them that they had no idea when
I show them these trainings they they're
like in shock and they go oh no we've
got to get rid of this this crazy and
they always go we didn't know we had
activists in the company yes every
single one of these companies has
activists across the board in these
different areas and what people don't
realize at these executive positions
because they've largely worked to get
there over the course of some odd like
20 30 years right they don't realize the
kids coming out of college today are
fundamentally different from the kids
you went to college with you went to
college in a time where people went to
college to become a professional at
something kids today the the profession
the major it's all a veneer in large
part for many of the kids not all of
them but for many of them in truth what
they're meant to become as a byproduct
of going to college is a trained
activist so they go into whatever job
they've been given a diploma to fit into
with the intent purpose of spreading
poison is this ideology you know I mean
they're spreading the poison it's become
a cancer throughout these companies but
that is their purpose they believe the
same way that somebody who is religious
believes that they need to
evangelize these people are religiously
captured by this ideology it is their
God and so the way that you are willing
if you're a religious person to do
anything for God these people are
willing to do the same for their
ideology and the sooner we understand
that the sooner we're going to
understand why it requires us to speak
up because I will say this and this may
be the most important thing I say
throughout this whole thing the biggest
mistake conservatives and normal people
have made over the last 30 years is not
only
celebrating but promoting the idea we
should be a silent majority silent
majorities get people killed silent
majorities destroy countries they are
the most poisonous thing you can
possibly be because it allows a very
loud deranged minority to take over the
entirety of your country every major
institution and they guide the path of
the future that your children are going
to have to live in it is shameful to be
a silent majority there has never been a
time where it was more important for
people to understand that fundamental
fact it is time for people to take
personal responsibility stop waiting for
a politician to save you step up do the
work yourself to make a difference where
you live because the truth is if we all
did that and we all took personal
responsibility and you took that eagi
view we talked about earlier you would
see very clearly that each one of these
pockets of our country was protected as
a byproduct of each individual Community
taking control and saying we're not
going to allow this crazy here if that
was happening instead of people waiting
for a politician to save them we'd be in
a much better place and don't get me
wrong voting is very important who we
elect is very important but more
important is what we do on an individual
level and people need to start believing
in their ability to make a difference
again the radical left stance on
abortion has reached alarming levels
from supporting free abortions to even
advocating for infanticide we're
witnessing an unprecedented assault on
the sanctity of life this isn't just
politics anymore it's a moral crisis but
there's hope pre-born the nation's
largest pro-life organization is
fighting back they're strategically
positioned in high abortion areas
offering a Lifeline to women and their
unborn children when you join forces
with pre-born you're protecting the
greatest victims in our society babies
in their mother's womb over 300,000 th
babies have been saved through pre-born
efforts when a woman considers ending
her pregnancy pre-born is there with
compassion support and the power of
ultrasound technology this simple tool
doubles a baby's chance at life you can
be a part of this crucial mission for
just $28 you can fund one ultrasound
$140 saves five precious lives for those
able to make a larger impact your tax
deductible donation of $5,000 will
sponsor preborn entire network for 24
hours helping rescue 200 babies to make
a difference dial pound 250 and say baby
that's pound 250 keyword baby or donate
securely at preborn docomo that's
preborn
docomo stand with truth stand for Life
dial pound 250 and say baby or visit
preborn docomo
[Music]
today it I find it very difficult to
disagree with any of that I'm going to
go through your your I'm going to
summarize the strategy that you laid out
and then I'm going to zero in on the
board analysis a little bit and then I
want to talk to you about the three
companies that you've gone after Tractor
Supply John Deere and Harley-Davidson
and the strategy that goes along with
that so you said you start a video you
start by Distributing a video that's
about 7 to 10 minutes so and that
captures attention optimally but also is
long enough to provide some real
information you save some of the
material that you your crew has
documented so that you can do a
protracted campaign so you're not part
of the 24-hour news cycle you do you
investigate um all the open- source
material that a given company has
produced so that you can use their own
words as an illustration of either what
they're doing or what they know or what
they don't know you go after companies
one by one you're focusing on companies
that have at least a 20% conservative
market share and you pointed out that if
the company is doing anything to violate
their implicit contract or explicit
contract with those consumers that
they're in breach of their fiduciary
Duty and then you talked about doing a
board analysis and one of the things you
pointed out there which
is you can't make this stuff up you know
I mean I've been struck as you have by
the fact
that so the first question for me was
why in the world is Corporate
America promoting an anti-ap radical
anti- capitalist quasi Marxist
postmodern activist
movement because it's Preposterous it's
like don't these people know that
they're funding and promoting a
Viewpoint that's worse than Marxism
that's completely antithetical to
everything that they themselves not only
purport to believe in but have actually
lived by in some in some sense for the
real actors let's say now your solution
to that and I think it's the right one
in all but the minimum number of cases
is that well they don't know and you
think well can people possibly be that
blind but one of the things that I've
learned is that and maybe this is even
more true for conservatives it's
possible you know
um lots of people live in
1995 and it's not
1995 it's not even
2015 and in some ways it's not even 2024
because things are changing so fast we
have no idea where we are even and so I
think you're right with regards to these
boards and this is actually a positive
thing in a way it's like the people who
are putting forth these policies are a
trying to protect themselves against the
accusations of racism that could bring
them down as individual actors and B
they're not interested in the systems of
ideas that underly these uh movements
let's say they have no idea that the
systems of ideas exist they have no idea
how pathological they are and they have
almost no appreciation whatsoever for
the force of philosophical ideas and
that might also be part of the
conservative temperament right because
conservatives tend to be detail oriented
and practical and so when you talk to
them about abstracted ideas they're not
that interested and they also don't
think they have much power and that's
really a bad idea especially the
situation that we're in right now but
you know it was striking to me the fact
that you concentrated on the your
realization your discovery that most of
the people who are involved in this at
the corporate level actually have no
idea whatsoever what they're fostering
they don't know who Robin D'Angelo is no
clue they don't know that no no idea
they don't know anything about ibram
kendi they don't know anything about the
implicit association test Republicans
don't know anything about the implicit
association test and the fact that it's
provided hypothetical scientific
justification for the idea of implicit
bias and the whole bloody woke movement
and so and people are they're living far
behind the times and you know it's not
that surprising in some way because
things are changing very very fast
and it is not an easy thing to be on The
Cutting Edge okay so the upside the
positive conclusion that can be derived
from what you described is that given
that a fair bit of what is happening is
a consequence of
blindness sometimes willful and much
more seldomly
direct propagandistic intent at least on
the part of the corporate leaders it's
easier than you might think to shift the
direction of the movement okay so let's
move to that for a minute so it was very
very interesting to me like I really
started to take what you were doing
seriously and you made an illusion to
this after You' done it three times
because I use the three principle the
principle of three as a verification
index our principle too going into it
was I didn't I didn't even take it
seriously seriously that we had a
winning strategy until we hit three yeah
yeah three three three establishes the
pattern right two you can still write
off and probably should but three you
think okay something's going on here now
you also very carefully likely but it
appeared like that from the outside you
picked very emblematic corporations I
mean Tractor Supply John Deere like
Bedrock Middle
America small C conservative to the core
it's like this is not this should not be
a woke company obviously and then you
went for Hardy Davidson which I thought
was insanely comical in this terrible
way that we've been describing it's like
Harley-Davidson tattooed bikers and now
you have a woke CEO I mean are these
people are they are they completely out
of their mind it's like it seemed to me
like Budweiser on steroids you're what
are you going to do you're going to make
fun of your customer base that's your
sales and marketing strategy is it
you're going to take the people who
actually buy your products especially
with Harley-Davidson because that's an
emblematic brand of that sort of Freedom
loving you know helmetless uh on the
Fring biker yeah well and yeah and it's
the rough edges of America now you're
going to turn them into Dei princesses
and cry at it you know it's so
ridiculous and so I saw the three
companies you picked I thought oh yeah
that's
pretty it's very unlikely that that's
fluke okay now you also said now you got
you you identified something there
Jordan those are psychological choices
we do choose
host that that we could next but we do
choose Ematic companies because at this
point they represent more than
themselves they represent the entity of
corporate America because if you can
make the emblems fall back into
alignment with sanity the other ones are
going to convince themselves that
they're important in a way that they're
not but they're going to convince
themselves that they need to change so
they're not next and I already we
already see this in a number of cases
where I don't find the companies
particularly interesting but we've found
out that they're changing policy as a
byproduct of seeing what's happening
with this movement and there's going to
be non-consumer facing companies that do
this there's going to be also consumer
facing ones that do there's going to be
new CEOs who get into surprisingly you
know high level companies who do have
more of a conservative VI on the world
who are going to go in with the intent
purpose to sort of defang this
ideology even in companies where you
really would not expect them to turn
around on this I think people are going
to be surprised in the coming year by
the of companies that defang this
ideology and we're we're seeing it you
know I think across the board even in in
Industries where people don't expect it
where they're making Cuts because
there's also a financial perspective to
this Jordan where you know companies are
living through an economy that is not
fantastic on the consumer side and so
you may have a market propped up by a
bunch of artificial things but we all
know that those are things that can go
by the wayside very quickly and at the
end of the day your real value is your
customer side and so that's the other
side of this is like they're all
tightening their belts in many different
ways and one of the primary ways you
could do that if you're a corporate CEO
right now is get rid of your Dei
Department because you have wasted
Untold Millions on this one Department
that produces exactly nothing and only
produces a detriment to your business
that is the only thing they've ever
produced is a detriment to your business
there are potential liability who in
their right mind would start a business
and say I want an entire department that
is only a potential liability because
that's what they've turned into and you
know a lot of this was also predicated
on a Mackenzie study a bunch of
companies got so I don't know why they
listen to McKenzie I mean it blows my
mind but 2015 because they pay them a
lot of money which is the again even
even more ridiculous to me like you pay
you pay for stupid advice but they're
paying for stupid advice McKenzie comes
with this study um that tells these
companies you're going to be rich if you
Embrace this leftwing you know woke Dei
ideology W because there's nothing more
obvious than that yeah nothing more
obvious than that as a money maker right
so Wall Street Journal comes out
recently so we're almost a I'd say we're
about 8 and a half years removed from
when McKenzie did this and Wall Street
Journal just came out with the most
brutal takedown of the McKenzie study
proving it was entirely a farce the
whole thing was a farce it was all
predicated off of lies and when you look
at the actual reality of the market none
of this makes money in fact in London
this is actually quite interesting they
have a diversity ETF it underperforms
every other ETF on the market so you
know there's other metc as well I won't
bore people with because a lot of it's
kind of boring Financial nonsense but
the truth is this loses you money so who
in their right mind would sign up for
that because there's no small business
in America that if you told them hey
I've got a great idea for you you're
going to open a segment of your business
it costs you an extraordinary amount of
money it's going to make you nothing and
people might get really upset with you
and stop shopping at your
store no small business owner in America
would sign up for that so why are the
biggest companies in the world and I
think there's multiple layers to that
you can go from the Black Rock Vanguard
State Street side or you can go from the
side of the activist I particularly
actually think the activists are an even
bigger issue because you know Black Rock
can desire something but at the end of
the day if you don't have your soldiers
in place to implement it it cannot be
implemented and there's going to be too
many different stages where it can kind
of be defanged the problem is they have
these people in central nodes of power
within a corporation that are not really
recognized from the outside as the nodes
of power so it's not your CEO it's it's
not your coo but it's your you know VP
of marketing it's your head of HR it's
those people who are really the ones
driving a lot of this y okay okay so let
me I'm going to harass you a bit because
there's a danger in what you're doing
and I want to discuss that with you so
well the first danger I would say is one
of power like now you're in a position
where you can call up a corporation or
make contact with them and lay out a set
of Demands that's one way of putting it
and that's a lot of power okay so so
that's the first thing and and so
obviously there's there's a danger
associated with that that has to be
regulated okay the second thing
is you're taking a page in away from the
activist Playbook of the left and the
activist Playbook of the left has
produced a lot of social pathology a lot
and and and so I I guess I wonder how
you distinguish the activism that you're
engaging in personally from the cancel
culture let's say of the left right
because you could see how it Go could go
in that direction and then okay and then
the next issue is how why are you
convinced or are you convinced that
these policy changes that these
corporations are announcing have any
teeth you know because what I'm seeing
happening at the universities for
example is they say well you know we'll
abide by the Supreme Court ruling that
made affirmative action in its more um
Progressive manifestations illegal but
they don't they just move the deck
chairs around on the Titanic right and
they and they they lie through their
bloody teeth and you saw that with the
Texas Children's Hospital for example
too and so and you know and it's partly
because well the people are still there
so their names their names of their
Department are going to change and
they'll use some new terminology to
describe what they're doing but as you
already pointed out they're committed
bloody activists and you'd have to fire
all of them to actually get rid of them
at I mean that's one approach anyways
some some people can be salvaged but
they're more like the board of Governor
types that you described that don't know
what the hell's going on so okay so
danger of power for you let's start
there danger of power y yeah yep so
danger of power you know I I take that
very seriously so you know in our team
first of all we have an Ethics set of a
set of Ethics that we abide by you know
like one is you know we will not go and
short a company we're reporting on we're
not going to go and trade on it we're
not going to tell anybody who could go
and trade on it because I think that
would be unethical um it may be legal in
many places but I think it's unethical
secondary to that um you know I think
that the way that we approach this is
that it is never a Shakedown it is never
blackmail we never treat it that way
because that's entirely inappropriate
and that's not our goal we're not the
mafia we never want to be the mafia and
I refuse to be a Shakedown artist like
these people on the left I've had a lot
of people common approach and say hey
we've got this idea you know ways you
could you know get these companies to to
pay you you know type of I don't want
their money I will not take their money
I'm principally ideological I believe
that God put me in the position I'm in
for a purpose I'm going to do the right
thing wield that power wisely in a way
that I feel like it is going to be
responsible it has to be measured the
other thing to remember too is that this
this this uh path we've set set out here
it's only successful because I'm not
acting crazy
the minute I act crazy and I demand
companies you know do crazy things it's
going to look wildly different right see
if you look at this from an outsider
okay like if you're somebody
non-political and you're looking at
these two sides you're reading the news
you know or whatever and you see one
side would like to force their ideology
the other side is over here saying
actually hey I think I just want
everybody to get along things should be
fairly neutral and let's just like not
talk about what kind of sex you like to
have at work and you know maybe the
should only sponsor things that are
dedicated to the Core Business and maybe
not sponsor events where they support
sex changes for kids I think that would
probably be a good Level Playing Field
for everybody and everybody just be nice
to each other I don't care you know sort
of what your gender is what race you are
who you want to have sex with it's work
let's just do work and be nice to each
other get our job done if you look at
that from The Outsider perspective it's
like okay well that side over there
who's act asking to shove their ideology
down everybody's throat seems sort of
crazy and fascist and this side over
here is just asking for everybody to
just sort of be neutral that seems like
a more sane position right so if we go
to these companies and I say actually
you know what I want you to adopt my
ideology you better start donating to
the groups that I want you to donate to
that fundamentally Alters the reason
that this works so that in itself
confines the power that we've sort of
you know been able to acquire through
this campaign because it's predicated on
a set of you know sort of rules that
we've made from the outset the minute
you stray outside of them the power
wains and so if you want to be effective
you have to stay within the confines of
why you're effective but um you're your
second question do you have people do
you have do sorry do you have people
helping you out with that I mean you
know you mentioned for example earlier
that you were more prone to take the
seriousness of your own pathway um to
heart as a consequence of your wife's
support of your vision let's say and
your ability and like it is helpful to
have people you keeping you on the
straight narrow let's say she'd be the
first one she'd be the first one to
check me I always tell people if you're
worried about me at all just remember I
have to sleep in bed next to Landon
Starbuck and that lady will be the first
one to let me know if I have strayed
from what is right and good and
righteous um she she's she's my compass
you know and I'm very lucky as a man to
have a wife like that because it's not
lost on me how rare that is to have
somebody like that who will be a compass
and sometimes that's hard that's
something people should should know is
like as a man you know there there's
lines there where it's like okay you're
the you want to lead obviously but your
wife can really be a compass of when
your leadership can stray in a direction
where you're not being true to yourself
and you may you may you may even
struggle up against that idea you know
where because it's uncomfortable you
know to get checked like that but if you
have a partner who really loves you
wants to see you
succeed those those things are the
things that Forge you into the greatest
weapon you can be and so um yeah I would
say I would name her first and foremost
I mean she's the first one who would
check me and be like you know if let's
say I got really ego driven about it
right like she she'd be the first one to
be like drop the ego okay yeah and she'd
go through all the the reasons why you
know and um so I'm thankful for that
because you know it's easy for any man
any woman to lose their their sort of
like path right and and if you don't
have somebody who's there kind of like
hey you're straying off the path that
can happen to anybody um and I think
that's that's kind of like one of the
beautiful but difficult things about
Humanity right we're imperfect um and
there's all these things about us that
make us who we are and they're not all
beautiful and good you know um but our
experiences Drive who we want to be and
I think in general the things that that
kind of separate us good and and bad is
largely driven off of who we want to be
and for me I know very clearly I want to
be the thing that if somebody said boil
down what matters most to you
it would be one moment when I die and I
I pretend in this that I'm coherent on
my deathbed right I get to die in the
way that I would most perceive of value
so all my kids are around me we're about
to have baby number four right now so
all four of my kids are around my wife's
there on that day in my coherent mind I
want to know inside in the deepest parts
of my soul I want to know that each one
of my kids is thinking in their head my
dad had Integrity my dad always did the
right thing he always stood up even when
it was hard he always loved us he always
loved our mom he always did right by us
but he always had faith and all those
things like if that's what I'm focused
on as my prize in life is that I will
get that moment whether I get it or not
that's the thing that matters to me is
that at the end of my life my kids can
think of me that
way and they they can't think of me like
that if I Stray okay okay yep yep so so
let's talk about the activism issue and
then the lip service issue and then
we'll close this part of the interview I
think what we'll do on the daily wire
side I think is to delve a bit more into
your personal history because I'm
curious about what shaped you um along
the way I often do that with my guests
on the on the daily wire half an hour
and I think we'll also talk about the
distinction we can touch on that here
the distinction between the ideology so
to speak that you're pursuing and the
ideology of the left because don't think
that they're the the same manifestation
of cognitive apparatus yeah I think I
can explain it pretty well why they're
different okay let's do that on the
daily wi side let's cover the activism
issue and the lip service issue and
close this part off I just want to know
how you um how you circumvent the danger
of having activism on the right start to
become the equivalent of activism on the
left now you already answered that to
some degree you know you said you take
pains to ensure for example that you're
not insider trading so to speak even
though it would be legal and you're not
shaking down the companies for donations
to any of the causes that you might
support like you have reasons for that
but um I think the closest analog in
some ways on the critical side to what
you're doing you know a Critic would say
well that's just right-wing cancel
culture so how would you respond to an
allegation like that yeah you know I
think that's one that is easy to make
because it's born out of their
frustration with reality that the left
has embraced a cancel culture that tries
to attack and Destroy individuals what
we do is quite different you know our
focus is on these major corporations
that it's really about educating the
consumer you know so for us these major
corporations we're not punching down
we're going up you know to the very top
of the financial system here and we're
saying there's a fundamental difference
between what the image of a company is
perceived to be and what the reality
actually is and so our job is to fill
the the education Gap there because the
story hasn't simply been told you Can't
Blame a consumer for giving money to a
company that they don't know has been
funding some crazy awful thing right so
we're just educating them in terms of
cancelling them you know like it's
really in their Court what happens as a
byproduct of that because the consumer
has to decide at the end of the day if
they feel comfortable spending their
money somewhere there's sort of a larger
story here though in terms of the fact
that the the natural consumer like let's
go through this so we do Tractor Supply
was the first one John de was the second
one Harley-Davidson Polaris which
included Indian Motorcycle Lowe's Ford
um Stanley Black and& Decker which owns
Craftsman Stanley Black and Decker um
and DeWalt which are the major tool
companies in America and then just
yesterday um you know we we were able to
announce the largest market cap of any
company we've flipped which was
caterpillar a lot of people don't real
what a big company caterpillar is it's
over 113,000 Global employees 170 plus
billion in market cap of that company
and we're able to to get policy changes
out of them so going through all these
companies oh and and Jack Daniels and
their parent company as well and molon
Kors the beer brand see we're getting to
the point where we flip so many that I'm
starting to forget some when I do
interviews and that's a good thing you
know eventually I hope I forget a number
of them but it goes into your third
question um as well you know how do we
make sure that these companies are
actually abiding by the changes they say
they're going to make and I think that's
a very critical question because without
accountability nothing matters and so I
think that's fundamentally born out of
why we designed this the way we did
where it's predicated on the need to
have whistleblowers in the company we
won't go cover a company we don't have
whistleblowers in because those
whistleblowers are our eyes and ears
essentially and we know they're the ones
who are activated enough and really
motivated enough to come forward if
things are still going negatively at the
company if they're not seeing things
change so there there's one company
actually that we've had our eye on that
is one of these companies that's made a
statement and it seems like they're
viering off path in some ways and so
we've been documenting and I will say
this I've said it many times before when
the day comes where we do have to go
back and report on a company that has
already made a statement we will be much
more aggressive in our reporting and
it's going to be like you know no kid
gloves it it's going to be everything
we're going to put everything out that
we have because in every one of these
cases we did not put out everything we
had we put out a good deal of stuff oh
yeah okay okay but we have more you have
something in reserve yes and so I think
the companies are aware with eyes on the
inside that's sort of what predicated
the change in the first place is that
okay our own employees are outing us for
being crazy so you know if they did that
once what makes you think they're not
going to do it again right um and so I
think that probably the the Saving Grace
here is that we've got people in these
companies they're not ideologically
homogeneous in that sense like you you
do have these Breakaway you know people
who are like no I'm I'm ready to stand
up for my values at this point I'm sick
of being basically treated like I'm a
racist and being forced to do white
privilege quizzes and trainings and you
know all these things I'm going to speak
up so I think that that that on its own
has certain value but the secondary
value here now is that you've got the
Dei activist scared so I thought this
was really interesting it was Bloomberg
I believe they it was either Bloomberg
or Wall Street Journal one of them did
an interview with a bunch of Dei
professionals right that's what they
call themselves I struggle to say
they're professional about it I mean
we'll just call them race Hustlers but
they're Dei professionals okay so they
ask them you know if this guy comes to
your company what what are you guys
going to do you know because you guys
are leading major Dei departments what
is your plan and the reporter said they
were shocked they were expecting these
people to all say we're we're just going
to ignore him or we're going to dig in
our heels or whatever every single Dei
person they talked to said we'd have to
re-evaluate our policies because there's
no denying that there's a real sizable
interest in movement there and you know
for our company we have to look at what
is the potential you know net loss of us
digging in on this so we're talking
about them interviewing mainstream media
interviewing some of the ideological
creatures who were responsible for a lot
of this mess and they're even admitting
at this point that like they'd have to
go to the drawing board with their
Executives and they're doing that out of
a survival Instinct you know it's it's
something that I think is not surprising
because if they want to survive in their
workplace they want to you know survive
to exist and maybe reform in some other
version later on they have to find a way
to seem somewhat sensible at the moment
but that on its own is a sign that we
are making sizable you know sort of
change within the workplace because
that's pitting them into a new real
reality where they have to go back to
hiding in some sense um and you know I
hate the idea that you know anything we
do is to force anybody into hiding
because I actually I prefer a world
where everything's kind of out in the
open and people debting things like that
but there are certain places
institutions where I feel like really
like workplaces your politics and and
your views on sex or whatever it may be
don't belong at work you know unless
it's a central thing to your job that's
never been an acceptable thing at work
you know if I had gone to work in the
early 2000s started talking about who I
like to have sex with you know or you
know whatever it may be people I would
have been fired it's sexual harassment
right that's fundamentally changed today
and I think like as we alter the path of
of going forward we're going to see more
of that come back the idea that like hey
certain things are just not appropriate
for work yep all right sir well I think
that's a good place to stop um we we did
a we we we covered what you're doing
relatively comprehensively is there
anything else that you'd like to bring
to people's attention before we switch
to the Daily wire side well if people
want to be a whistleblower in their own
workplace to stop this wokeness they can
go to Robbie starbuck.com Dei and we've
got the ability for you to give us a tip
there and tell us what's going on and
we'll have somebody on the research team
or maybe myself reach out and you know
be able to sort of go from there to
learn what's going on in your company
and that's an intensive process by the
way the way we vet the information
because um we also are protecting
against fake information you know um
there's Bad actors out there you know
people who themselves are Traders and
trying to trade stocks against company
and things like that where they will
make things up in send it to us but we
have a very good team and we're very
responsible about sort of you know
making sure that we're we're putting out
information that is true because again
that's there's so many pitfalls that
could endanger sort of what we do and so
we are very careful to make sure because
the right's not allowed to make the
types of mistakes the left is you know
so for us everything has to be perfect
every time that's what I always say um
I'd rather be a day late with what we
you know plan to do then do it on time
and realize that we were sloppy with
something now you also mentioned that
you're dependent your operation is
dependent to some degree on public
support is there a place that people can
go to find out how they can contribute
to your efforts yeah they can subscribe
to my X page that's a simple way for
people and it's not it doesn't cost very
much $5 a month um but that goes
principally 100% to funding our research
team um none of it goes to me it goes to
funding research um and so outside of
that you know on that Dei page I
mentioned there's also a link there
where people can give one time if they
want to um and so that's it Robbie
ster.com Dei so that helps us grow
because we really we need to hire more
researchers um and we've got some good
friends who are very trustworthy that
I'd like to bring in to help on the
research side of things because um I
don't think people realize how intensive
it is like I mean if you just talk about
executive interviews going through those
you were talking about hundreds of hours
with just each company of interview that
you have to go through and find the
crazy you know like it's like a search
for the crazy right and so um that's not
something that's terribly exciting to do
in fact it's very boring a lot of times
but it's something that you have to do
to really complete these in
investigations appropriately and um
you've got to just have people you know
compensated being able to do it and sit
there and do it so it is very helpful
we're very appreciative of all of our
subscribers all right sir all right so I
think for everybody watching and
listening if you want to join us on the
daily wi site I think we'll do two
things
want to delve more into the um
biographical details of Robbie's life to
get some sense of how his orientation
towards this sort of Enterprise emerged
and I would also like to clarify a
little bit the distinction between I
mean if this is just a war between
ideologies it's arbitrary in some sense
but you made an illusion to the fact
that there there there's a moral Force
there's a moral battle being played out
at the moment underneath the political
that isn't arbitrary it isn't one
arbitrary Viewpoint against another
there's something more fundamental at
stake and I do think that that's um the
emblematic proof of that is that which
is so far beyond the pale that you have
to be blind willfully or otherwise or
malevolent to feel that that's
acceptable in any manner whatsoever so I
think we should delve more deeply into
that clarify it and that'll allow us
also to touch upon something else you
alluded to which is the tilt the
pronounced tilt especially over the last
couple of years away from the kind of
radical atheism that was perved by the
Four Horsemen of the atheist movement
for example and so we'll we'll discuss
all that on the daily wire side so
everybody who's watching and listening
you know join us there so we can
continue this discussion um thank you
very much that was extremely interesting
uh what you're doing is well striking
it's striking and it is really an
example I would say of something else
you pointed to which is the necessary
refusal of the individual to assume that
someone else will take care of the
problem you know what part of the
problem with that attitude this is why
there's a pervasive sense of
meaninglessness particularly on the left
and that is marketed on on the clinical
side by the way is that if you assume
that all the important things will be
done by someone else then there's
nothing for you to do and if there's
nothing for you to do well you don't
have any responsibility well exactly
you're you've got a lot of misery to
grind your way through and you have no
reason whatsoever for putting up with it
so why the hell wouldn't you be
demoralized and unhappy and that's
exactly what we're seeing arise
particularly on the left and most
interestingly particularly although not
uniquely among the young women who are
the most likely to be supporting these
very woke policies that we described all
right so thank you very much for
agreeing to talk to me today it was a
very enlightening conversation not least
because you managed to
meld a certain uh elevated degree of
philosophical sophistication with an
extremely programmatic and strategic
approach to the problem that that's
boots on the ground right I mean you're
moving all the way from the level of
abstract idea to the to the to the
implementation phase and the
documentation of the consequence of that
implementation as well so it's really a
full-fledged battle strategy and it's
well it's it's already had remarkable
consequences and so you know it's really
something to see so uh you know thank
you for that thank you Jordan I
appreciate it and this has been one of
my favorite interviews I've done just
because you're incredibly detailed and I
think it it the format here offers the
ability to be more detailed in the way
that we kind of explain things and talk
about it I always find that interesting
I like the longer stuff versus the
shorter stuff that's probably one of my
great regrets of our videos is that they
are 7 to 10 minutes long because if I
had it my way everybody would have my
attention Spin and watch like you know
an hour and a half two hour long longer
explanation of what's going on so I
appreciate what you're doing yeah yeah
well I'm looking forward to putting this
out for people because they can go back
they can go in into it more detail now
and see what you're up to and you know
the thing is on the video side is that
there's utility in virtually every
length of video right it's so it's
interesting it's it's different than the
print environment in some fundamental
way
because on video it's like you could
sell ideas by the phrase the sentence
the paragraph the chapter the book like
there 's there's a domain for every
length of of uh cut but it is really
useful to be able to drill down the way
we did today so that people can get a
real sense of the landscape all right
well and thank you to everybody who's
watching and listening on the YouTube
side and film crew here in Toronto today
because I'm in Toronto and uh uh you
know one of the hot beds of woke
activism in North America especially at
the school board level I mean I think
Toronto District School Board is maybe
the worst school board for woke nonsense
in North America and that's a hard
contest to win so shout out to the
Toronto district school board for
obtaining such a difficult victory in
that regard all right sir thank you very
much very nice talking to you thank you
[Music]